Update doc (#476)
minecraft-access/minecraft-access: docs/content/_index.md

title: "Home"
---

Minecraft Access is a [Minecraft](https://minecraft.net) mod that specifically helps visually impaired players play Minecraft.
It is an integration and replacement for [a series of previous mods](https://github.com/accessible-minecraft).
This mod primarily borrows the help of a screen reader to describe (narrate) the game interface, and incorporates sound cues to provide orientation perception in this 3D world.

> Currently, this mod [has enough features](https://docs.mcaccess.org/faq#is-the-mod-enough-to-play-the-game-normally) to help visually impaired players play the game normally.

Reviewer: This should use `relref` instead of hard coding a URL.
```suggestion
Currently, this mod [has enough features]({{% relref "/faq#is-the-mod-enough-to-play-the-game-normally" %}}) to help visually impaired players play the game normally.
```

This mod has available versions for:

> * Game versions `1.19.3`, `1.20.1`, `1.20.4`, `1.20.6`, `1.21.1`, `1.21.4`.

Reviewer: I'm not sure if it's a good idea to advertise these legacy unsupported versions at all. By documenting it, we’re implying that they’re supported even if we don't explicitly say that they are, and it may lead to new users trying a several year old version leaving a poor first impression of the mod.

* On the [Fabric](https://fabricmc.net/use/installer/) and [NeoForge](https://neoforged.net) mod loaders

> * On Windows, macOS and Linux operating systems

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* On Windows, MacOS and Linux operating systems
```

Whenever the mod's code is updated, or whenever we need an upcoming feature someone contributed to be tested, a build will be automatically published in the [Playability Discord server](https://discord.gg/yQjjsDqWQX) first to allow for testing, after enough feedback has been gathered, the version will be released on [Modrinth](https://modrinth.com/mod/minecraft-access/versions), [CurseForge](https://legacy.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/blind-accessibility/files), and [GitHub](https://github.com/minecraft-access/minecraft-access/releases).

## Other Pages

* [Basic Setup](https://docs.mcaccess.org/setup/basic)
* [Modpack Version Setup](https://docs.mcaccess.org/setup/modpack)
* [Advanced Setup (with NeoForge, not recommended)](https://docs.mcaccess.org/setup/advanced)
* [Features](https://docs.mcaccess.org/features)
* [Keybindings](https://docs.mcaccess.org/keybindings)
* [Minecraft Access Configuration](https://docs.mcaccess.org/config)
* [Sound Effects Used in the Mod](https://docs.mcaccess.org/sounds)
* [FAQ](https://docs.mcaccess.org/faq)
* [Good Resources](https://docs.mcaccess.org/good-resources)

> 

Reviewer: The docs already have a navigation sidebar which is automatically generated.

## Useful Links

* [Playability Discord server](https://discord.gg/yQjjsDqWQX) - Join our Discord server if you want to chat with this mod's users and developers.

> * [The main website](https://mcaccess.org) - find documentation, the official Minecraft server, and more on the official website for the project.

Reviewer: Would it be clearer to say "the official Minecraft Access server"? I know it's a bit more wordy, so if you have any better ideas let me know, I just feel like saying "the official Minecraft server" might make it sound like it's endorsed by Microsoft.

## Contributions

Any type of contribution is welcome:

* Be one of the first to try out new versions and help us find bugs and issues.
* Improve this mod's documentation for better readability and accessibility.
* Help us translate this mod into other languages via [Weblate](https://hosted.weblate.org/engage/minecraft-access/).

> * Create more text or video tutorials about how to play the game with this mod ([examples](https://docs.mcaccess.org/good-resources#gameplay-with-this-mod)).

Reviewer: Please use `relref`.
```suggestion
* Create more text or video tutorials about how to play the game with this mod ([examples]({{% relref "/good-resources#gameplay-with-this-mod" %}})).
```
